**Mapping Sources**

Mappings are generated by different sources in two different ways: automatic mappings and user generated mappings. Automatic mappings are generated by the portal from:

- **LOOM**. This algorithm automatically computes mapping based on close lexical matches between preferred names of terms or a preferred name and a synonym. The lexical match is performed if white-spaces and punctuation are removed from the labels. All labels with less than 3 characters are excluded. These mappings are represented by the mapping relationship "skos:closeMatch".
- **SameURI**. Generated between two concepts with the same URI.
- **CUI**. Generated between two concepts that have the same CUI (Concept Unique Identifier).

User-generated mappings are uploaded and stored within the portal as **RESTBackupMapping**, namely a mapping added by a user using the REST API (or the UI, which is calling the API to create it).

In addition to these two, **skos:exactMatch** and **skos:closeMatch** mappings, available in the semantic artefacts files, are extracted and displayed in the results table. The “type” is indicated as SKOS. **skos:relatedMatch** mappings present in the semantic artefacts files **are not** extracted and shown in the table, but they are visible in the “Detail” tab of the class or concept.

For more information on how the mappings are handled inside the triple store, please refer to [this documentation](https://doc.jonquetlab.lirmm.fr/share/e6158eda-c109-4385-852c-51a42de9a412/doc/mappings-JYGyUrAJkw).