### Using {{ include.portal }} technology in your project
Several ways exist in which {{ include.portal }} technology can be applied. Here some use cases:
- **I have a list of terms that were used to annotate a dataset, how can I see if any of these terms exist in standard {{ include.atoms }}?** Use the “Search” web service to search terms in all {{ include.portal }} {{ include.atoms }}. If you have a limited number of terms, searching each one individually via the {{ include.portal }} Search tool with the user interface may be sufficient. Otherwise, for a long list of terms, use the “Search” web service directly.
- **I would like to find all the terms mapped from my {{ include.atom }} to other {{ include.atoms }} in {{ include.portal }}.** Use the “Mapping” web service to find terms in other {{ include.portal }} {{ include.atoms }} that are similar to the terms in your {{ include.atom }}. These mappings include those generated manually (DbXrefs) and programmatically (LOOM).
- **I have a web form including text fields which I would like to populate with {{ include.atom }} terms, e.g., to select relevant terms from a specific {{ include.portal }} {{ include.atom }}.** Use the “Autocomplete” widget. Click on the "Get Code" button for the code and instructions on how to add this JavaScript to your web form.
- **I would like to add the graph displaying my {{ include.atom }} on my website. Use the “Visualization” widget.** Click on the "Get Code" button for the code and instructions on how to add this JavaScript to your website.
- **I would like to get all terms from a {{ include.atom }} and re-format the data to use in my own system.** Use the “Get All Terms” web service to get all the terms and properties for the {{ include.atom }} that you are interested in.
- **I need to navigate through a {{ include.atom }} and go through the {{ include.atom }} hierarchy for my software application. Is there a web service to do this?** Use the “Get All terms” web service.
- **How can I limit the selection of {{ include.atoms }} used with the Annotator to a given Category or Domain?** Use the “List all {{ include.atoms }}” and “Get Groups/Domains” web service to identify the group/domain of interest.
